okay so now I'm going to show you my
angel eyes and else I also did put some
blue LED lights on the under the dash
but then when I have it on the Justice
side market position I have the angel
eyes on
and then those are my HID lights and
then also when you pull back you get the
low light on both sides okay
and then also high beams right there
high beams are really strong I don't
know why but they are
this is what the
these are hot games now
okay and that's pretty much it
switch your back and I guess if you do
disconnect your state daytime running
lights for when it gets dark like at
dusk and you just have your halo
headlights or just angel eyes on this
probably what you can do is see I mean
they're not that bright but it still
looks pretty cool